Updating Identity Engine > Embedded Authentication content for Node.js SDK basic sign-in use case (#2345)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/nodejs/summaryofsteps.md

## Summary of steps

> This use case entails building out a simple UI to capture the username, password, and authenticating the credentials with Okta using the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case explains how to build a simple UI to capture the username and password, and authenticate the credentials with Okta by using the SDK.
```

<div class="common-image-format">

> ![Basic sign in sequence diagram for Okta Auth JS SDK](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-simple-sign-on-seq-nodejs.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Basic sign-in sequence diagram for Okta Auth JS SDK](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-simple-sign-on-seq-nodejs.png
```

>  "Basic sign in sequence diagram for Node.js SDK")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 "Basic sign-in sequence diagram for Node.js SDK")
```
